Docs/add tutorial (#348)
glotzerlab/freud: doc/source/introduction.rst

============
Introduction
============

The **freud** library is a Python package for analyzing particle simulations.
The package is designed to directly use numerical arrays of data, making it easy to use for a wide range of use-cases.

> The most common use-case of **freud** is for computing quantities on molecular dynamics simulation trajectories, but it can be used for analyzing essentially any type of simulation information.

Reviewer: quantities _of_ or _from_?

Reviewer: "can be used for analyzing essentially any type of simulation information" -- seems weirdly general, this doesn't really apply to CFD or weather simulations, for example. Perhaps "particle simulation"?

> By operating directly on numerical array data, **freud** allows users to parse custom simulation outputs into a suitable structure for input, rather than relying specific file types or data structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By operating directly on numerical arrays of data, **freud** allows users to parse custom simulation outputs into a suitable structure for input, rather than relying specific file types or data structures.
```

> The core of **freud** is analysis of periodic systems, which are represented through the freud :class:`freud.box.Box` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core of **freud** is analysis of periodic systems, which are represented through the :class:`freud.box.Box` class.
```
